Name: 
Xander Crawley

Assigned Role: 
All Roles

Description of my Contribution and Workload:
Everything. I have done all parts and roles of this project 
since my project partner has not been able to be contacted and also hasn't responded to my discussions.

Constructive Feedback on Your Team’s Collaboration: 
I don't have any useful feedback since I completed this project by myself. 
If I have to give productive feedback i would say that it would be better if there would be at least 5 members in each time 
while also assigning the members roles themselves instead of letting the people in the team choose themselves 
since I thing it would waste more time than needed.

Any Challenges or Team Dynamics Worth Noting:
My challenges were once again because I completed the project by myself so I had problems with the team dynamics 
and the roles and team in general since I couldn't assign roles to anyone and didn't have any help to start or complete the project.

Reflection Prompt

What was your key contribution to the project?

My key contribution to this project would be everything since I completed this without my partner's help since I didn't get a reply back and didn't know their email, but if we were going based on key contributions being important contributions then I would say choosing the overall direction of my AI because without this foundation and framework I would have never been able to keep myself on the right track and consistently complete this project.

Which AI concept or skill did you learn that you will apply in future courses or work?

The AI skill that I learned that I will apply in future courses would probably be most of them such as using chatbots and using AI in general.

How did your team handle collaboration, decision-making, and ethical considerations?

Our team handled collaboration terribly since we didn't even have any interaction with each other which is terrible for groupd projects. I think I handled decision-making and ethical considerations pretty well while working on this project and while coming up with an AI.

What would you do differently if you had more time or resources?

The most I can say that I would do would be to play around with it, maybe see if it would actually work and be worth it just to see how well I made the project.
